hello to all
today I want to show you how
to color the straws
of paper with wood stain
mordant for the kingdom is a dye that
typically found in paint shops
or in the hobby centers that come
generally sold in sachets
there are of course different brands
on the sachets and indicated are indicated
doses but we can choose to
put more water or less water now
we'll see how to do this coloring
of course we need straws
of paper that can be white
made with the burgundy of the newspaper
or colored with writing etcetera
on this type of straws la
coloring will have a little effect
different because the biting also said
impregnating it is in fact impregnating the
product and not to give a cover
so if you think the effect doesn't
may be to your liking
I recommend using white and straws
we also need a white glove
disposable ones a small bowl of
water a roll of absorbent paper from
cook a brush and see this nylon
on which he had to do the coloring
take our packet of stain
and in the bowl where we would have already put
the water
let's go and pay it always advice
starting with a small amount for later
check the color is obtained with the
brush let's mix is ​​a
very very thin powder so yes
hardly will struggle very very much
easily and we can already go to
see on a straw if the intensity
of the color obtained we like this
case in my opinion is a little bit clear
keep in mind that after the dryer
color awaits a little ascoli a
darken but I prefer to put a
another little bit of color
here
I believe this will be the color that I am
interested i am using a non color
we are looking for a light walnut color
let's see now wait a minute for it
dry to see if the shade is
what I like then is past
the drying time the color that
I wanted and you see that as I said
the stain does not cover the color
original and newspaper writings but
I simply apologize to create
nuances about it then now
let's proceed to show you in which
so I those with the bite
I'm just going to get some
straws you see I have already put the glove on
because the stain tends to stain
enough hands then come off yes
it's a water based product though
however I prefer to use a
disposable glove
I take my brush and start
rolling the straws on themselves a
brush very quickly
in this way they do not become too impregnated
of water and therefore are faster in the
escape tura you see
an operation in the end quite
fast because the color takes
immediately once this is done
operation we check that everywhere
there is a color but even if it were not
the color everywhere, however they are created
in my opinion very beautiful nuances
that then during the plot they go to give
a very very natural effect
made this support which straws e
I continue with the other straws
there are those who prefer to put it directly
the straws soaked in the product but a
my opinion creates a little bit of waste
so I prefer to do it this way
these are also ready
the straws I use are strong
of paper of newspapers the card of
newspapers in this case absorbs a lot
better than other types of cards
such as that of flyers then me
advice if you intend to color with the
biting to use a type of card
quite porous like that of the
newspapers that allows you to absorb
rather quickly the color
the breakfast made before certainly has
great advantages one of which is being able to
realize different colors and
weave with different tanchi
color is definitely the color of the
Straws given in this way will render
also the natural work when
you will weave
it is rather fast yes one maybe says but
with the brush etc.
I must say I go pretty fast
see you here in a short time I already have
made this operation done these
straws here that I leaned on the side
see you have not left very wet
I'm going to put them on a grid where in
I previously put some paper towels
let's say
here is how I said a grid is used from
oven above I laid a card
kitchen absorbent and here above the
my straws in drying certainly
now that censors and we can also
put it out and in no time at all
ready for use
as you see now
outdoors where I put my falls
from studying I wanted to say also another
what you have seen the quantity of product
what I did was really minimal
look at how many announcements I could
produce with that small amount
so I also feel to say that everything
added color with the stain can
also be a method enough
cheap